##Hangman Game - Markdown


1. The theme for the game is set to "Alternative Rock Bands
"
2.  I am going to use key events to listen for the letters that the players will type.

3. I will  display the following on the page:
	a. The number of total wins the person has
	b. The number of total loses the person has
	c. The # of total guesses the person has
	d. A list of all the Guesses the person has made
	e. A skeleton of dashes that gives the person an idea of the length of words in the band's name
	f. A partially filled skeleton when the correct guesses are made
	g. Instructions/Notes as the player continues to make guesses

4. Any Key will get the game started BUT only alphabets will let you continue the game

5. After the user wins/loses the game, the game will choose another band upon pressing a key.

##### Hangman Game Bonuses - These are not included in this version

1. Play a sound or song when the user guesses their word correctly, like in our demo.
2. Write some stylish CSS rules to make a design that fits your game's theme.
3. **HARD MODE:** Organize your game code as an object, except for the key events to get the letter guessed. This will be a challenge if you haven't coded with JavaScript before, but we encourage anyone already familiar with the language to try this out.
4. Save your whole game and its properties in an object.
5. Save any of your game's functions as methods, and call them underneath your object declaration using event listeners.
6. Don't forget to place your global variables and functions above your object.
   * Remember: global variables, then objects, then calls. 